fix: Update new document renderer structure (#1742)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/checkout/document/add-custom-document-type.md

                // The document that uploaded by manual
                if ($operation->isStatic()) {
                    $doc = new RenderedDocument($number, $config->buildName(), $operation->getFileType(), $config->jsonSerialize());
                    $result->addSuccess($orderId, $doc);

                    continue;
                }

                $doc = new RenderedDocument(
                    $number,
                    $config->buildName(),
                    $operation->getFileType(),
                    $config->jsonSerialize(),
                );

>                 // This block is for PDF or HTML files
>                 $doc->setTemplate(self::DEFAULT_TEMPLATE);
>                 $doc->setOrder($order);
>                 $doc->setContext($context);
> 
>                 $content = $this->fileRendererRegistry->render($doc);
> 
>                 // E.g. XML or CSV filetype
>                 $content = '<?xml ...>...';
>                 $content = 'Id;Name;...';
> 
>                 $doc->setContent($content);

Reviewer: In addition to the comment https://github.com/shopware/docs/pull/1742/files#r2030572416 I find this code example a bit misleading. I would suggest something like this:

```suggestion
                // Utilize the DocumentFileRendererRegistry to generate the content, e.g. PDF or HTML
                // This is the recommended approach
                $doc->setTemplate(self::DEFAULT_TEMPLATE);
                $doc->setOrder($order);
                $doc->setContext($context);
                $content = $this->fileRendererRegistry->render($doc);
                $doc->setContent($content);

                // Alternatively you can manually set the content here, e.g. to some XML or CSV content
                // $content = '<?xml ...>...';
                // or
                // $content = 'Id;Name;...';
                // $doc->setContent($content);
                
```

@mstegmeyer correct me if I got something wrong about this, I'm not that deep into the `DocumentFileRendererRegistry` yet. If you could use that all the time I think we shouldn't even mention the manual approach at all and include an example "FileRenderer" as well in this documentation.

Reviewer 2: I'm not too deep into it either. As I understood it, for Zugferd files it was not possible to use the FileRendererRegistry, so it seems valid to me to document it better. But I agree with your example 👍

* For each order found, the function attempts to generate a document.
* If successful, a new `RenderedDocument` object is created. This object is then added to the `RendererResult` object as a success.
* If an error occurs, the exception is caught and the error message is added to the `RendererResult` object as an error.
* The `RendererResult` object is returned.

> Depending on the file type we either get the content with `$this->fileRendererRegistry->render()` or we need to create the content on our own.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can describe better, when we use the `FileRendererRegistry` and when not?
